feat: implement upsertRecord (#101)
kintone/js-sdk: packages/rest-api-client/docs/record.md

- https://developer.kintone.io/hc/en-us/articles/213149027

### upsertRecord

Updates or inserts details of 1 record in an app.

> Update a record if the unique key specifying by `uniqueKey` has matched any record, otherwise processed as an insert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method updates a record if the unique key specified by `updateKey` has matched any record, otherwise processed as an insert.
```
